Hey, Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day.
Jones wrapped the overlook and yanked his shoulder.
It was, yeah. I get so nervous for a guy. How.
Good is John John dismantle club? It was like you all you're good.
Check this out. Yeah. If I see one more advertisement for Logan,
I'm about to bust bust.
They are really coming hard with the Logan ad God,
get it out of my face and alcoholic and aggressive.
I like the way this guy. I liked the way customers moving guys.
Sad side to you right now.
It goes through in wrestling too is very underrated,
but Clover can grapple the best of Blackbelt Abu Dhabi competition.
He's a monster. Oh, good. Kick. More knockout,
power Clover cloaks.
Great boxer, man. Nice uppercut. Oh boy. Be careful.
Okay. Alright. Alright. Let's calm down. Calm down.
Glover also is the wrestling. Ah, that's right on. Good.
Cause it'll cook.
Summerstone Gustin loses again at some point he's a little nervous, right?
He's a little merits.
Lost a Johnson and his hometown was Mia for a year. Yeah.
It's tough when you're the hometown hero, man, while.
It's awesome.
So you train so hard for this one big moment and then you lose and you got to
like reassess, like where am I? He was on billboards and. He's still only 30.
That's another thing to think about with Alexander is 30 years old.
He's in his athletic prime. She's a little.
Nervous right now. I feel like how dare you? A little hesitant.
I dare you judge this man. I'm nervous.
I'm gonna have him tweet about your writing. Don't you dare to
how funny would that bias and trolling me about.
My writing. Oh.
Oh, there you go. That's a right. [inaudible] wow. Yeah.
He's
[inaudible] because of that rumble fire son.
Tell him what keeps you. I don't like going away from that right hand.
Oh man. Man. Gustafson's good though. Oh,
it's called little checkup there. He's waking him up called call. Wake me up.
All right. Cause she's just avoiding it. That's smart man. Good movement.
That's the Overeem tactic there. Are you going away? Deal for him?
Remember we started doing that and it worked.
Long legs. Look at this. Look at this long arms. Who's.
The one dude that Nate quarry Fox that was literally running away from him.
Caleb stone. Caleb Stein. That's right. And Nate quarry was,
was Cohen after him like this. Yeah. Yeah.
But I think he gets hurt in that fight. No, he covered his eyes. Yeah.
No it wasn't hurting that fight. He wasn't that.
Funny. He had an injury. Yeah. He hurt his foot. He his foot up running.
That was a terrible.
Fight. Wasn't good. It ruined Caleb's career. Yeah,
people were so [inaudible].
Poked him. He poked him. Jesus.
Well, I guess if he put his hand down first, then he hit him with the uppercut.
God.
It. He poked him first and then.
To see in the replay went.
If this is in New York. Oh, Glover wins the fight. No, no contest.
That is the worst part.
Of fighting is he's IPOs. Glover's fun. All.
Right. Oh yeah. Oh, he's lucky that I missed him. Missed. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Let's see if they can get a bit. Oh man. Look at that right in there.
That's the worst, but that's the other side? Hmm? Is he? Oh,
[inaudible].
Do you get poked? And bolt-ons ain't that a pitch?
Or maybe it's like squinting with.
His left glove. We're saying I'm good to fight. Get out of the way.
That's what you want. Some of those guys be like, I don't know. It's tough.
Go over there. Get the out of my way.
Bye guys. For a street. Most Kung Fu guys are onto something. Oh they,
they were on some Eagle, claw tie guy. Paul tiger and Eagle.
I use both.
Brian. Did you see that video? Where the Tai Chi guy fights the MMA guy?
It's whole and it's. I did not. It's uh, it lasted like a few seconds.
You said maybe I told him I may got crushed with them.
And then the MMA guy had to go into hiding because apparently people in China
want to kill him because it's like a disgrace to the Chinese martial arts.
So it's not a martial. It's part of that. Right-hand beats. Oh.
Beautiful opera. Cut down all day long. You can get out too.
It's a nice oper man.
Gustafson looking slick, dude. I'm terrified. [inaudible] him and John man.
That's the fight. It.
Might be Mike.
Well, now that rumbles out of the picture, I mean, Gustafson,
you got to remember did knock out. Jimmy marijuana is a right-hand over the top.
I wonder how they handle that. Now they've been training together, you know,
gastronomic, beat Manama. Yeah. He knocked him out.
But I wonder how they handle that because if man was still in the mix,
if they do eventually have to cross paths again, I.
See that again. Well, it's so thin.
On there. So they have to, they have to fight again. It's almost like flyweight.
Like who the is there?
You, you, you look at this running away. That's deliberate and then stop all.
We clipped him with that upper cut again again with the upper cut.
To the left. Get up, get out of there. There you go.
See that's that's the tactic. I'm not mad at this tactic. Cool.
Swinging for the fences too. Oh, backache. We got five rounds of this boy.
I love this fight, man. Dustbin, John too.
Are you kidding? I'd love to see gusts and John too. I don't know.
I'm saying dumb that everybody.
Listen again. Gustafson 30 years old. He's still young.
A lot of fight.
Left. Joe had a lot of fights too though.
Yeah. He has had some wars too. Yeah.
No. Not as far as DC was a ward.
John was a war and you got a beating I'm rumble.
Yeah. Other than that, it's kind of fakes the take down.
This is an interesting fight.
The way it's playing out Glover is chasing him down. Man.
Blew past and hope he can get them pinned. Just got to get inside that room.
There. It is not one of the time that with an overhand,
right?
It's gotta try,
but you gotta remember his right hand is the one that's up his shoulder on his
right. It's. It's up.
I get up. I love this.
That's the best you want me to help you out this I outta your giant.
Should I secure? How about this golden state Cavs?
You guys are gonna talk basketball. I'll throw up,
throw up on this table. I will watch that basketball walk. You.
Guys. It goes in the net and I get so excited to have a good, buddy. It's crazy.
When the ball goes in the net, I've never seen anything like it.
Jamie gets mad. It's not what it's about. It's about all the things.
It's put more important things. Both fluidics. It's both boots,
both players in the world, coach, you know which one it for coaching.
It is a great sport, but you know no, which they're making a lot on the line.
I met Jamie and.
Jamie's sneakers and he makes fun of Underarmour's.
Like you weren't on the rumor. Like what's wrong with Underarmour? Like.
In the world of like sneaker, sneaker, dorks. Yeah. Welfare is under armor.
Like shark. Shop's got 200 pairs of sneakers.
And the rank rank and clothes. Yeah.
What's it like four or five in the list of hierarchy.
Wouldn't be dog trainer. Ryan. Yeah. Yeah. We'll talk. Yep.
Here we go. Round dos.
Do, do, do two
double jab at Gustafson.
Very interesting fight. How's your dog.
Great. Okay.
You got a German shepherd. I got a German shepherd or boy, girl.
Is she cool with your kids? The best?
I'll never have another dog besides German shepherd. Really a working line.
Shepherd. There's nothing. I've had dogs my whole life.
They're just different animals. They're so keyed in to you.
They listen to you and they're wary of strangers, man. They don't around. Yeah.
Amazing watchdogs talks, but they can dissent. They can not dog aggressive. Uh,
they stay with you at the best. I love him. Mr. Shop's going to get.
One. I liked German shepherds too.
What I don't like is ones that don't get trained well and they bite kids.
No that you don't. That's why you get a dog with about pups talking about dogs.
[inaudible].
Belgium. [inaudible] train today. I thought it was a Monday. I'll let you know.
A lot of people. Don't like Belgium, Alamos. Cause they're,
they're almost a little too.
Far, but he's got a, he's got a special, this one I saw the picture. He sent me.
He saw that pick this thing will inhale and intruder. Yeah.
Those one of the don't play. They cut again. Pop, pop. What?
Cut is I what happened? Head button. I don't know. But God, since plan now,
look at us. Look at us. Look at us.
Brian was talking about working dogs and.
I'm obsessed with Brian. Just the shots, like give him that he does
[inaudible].
And the fighting. Talk about cars and turn up. Yeah, what's happening.
I only have so much in my brain brothers. You know what it is, man?
You've never for driven one. Probably. Yeah. That's all I need though.
Right now. Careful with that runaway close.
I'd rather him tie him up and.
On and get punched in the face. He's bleeding bad out of that.
Picked apart on stage in the middle of the octagon cage. It's yeah.
[Inaudible] oh, trouble, big.
Trouble. When's the last time we saw that last time I saw a cloud Lockhart,
Tyrone Woodlands. Oh, of course. Oh boy. Wow. What a combination spring elbow
kid. I've seen that on dummies now.
Gustafson coming alive. Golf.
Sustenance, Tony man. The real deal. Chava. Chava.
Sang it a long time ago. I'll give that. I'll give him that.
The one thing he's right about with fighting.
Was Gus. Look at his face.
Glover's face. This is a mask. It's a mess right now.
But again, glow is that guy. He has so much knockout power. It's like one shot.
Oh great. Body shot.
Yeah. Very good. Cardio would be an issue for him. Maybe.
I remember the broken nose. Brendan.
You trained with cuffs and you spar with him were both these guys. Yeah.
I remember you saying that way before. You're like he's the real deal.
Uh,
best I've ever trained with hands down Gustafson by far really the biggest freak
I've ever seen. I can't believe it, man. He was so good at everything. Like,
you know, outside. I knew he was really good. Uh, his size.
I watched him spar with uh, you know, a world champion boxer,
it literally eight rounds and just do work on the dude, straight up boxing,
a world champion who was the wheelchair? I forget the guy's name.
You know how many belts are some guy, you know? But he, he,
he literally went in there and did work at him and jumped out with three rounds
with me. I, it was, I was, I mean, wow. So.
Sparring with him, just patched it up.
And him up. Got one over two.
Sheriffs. Still in this fight guys. He was straight up. It's.
An extreme is gone. Don't knock them out. Alexander. Do not knock them out. Wow.
Yeah, it was crazy. I wonder.
If Alexander ever thought about it? I actually just boxing. I don't know.
Nice front kick to the side of that. Oh Jesus. He telling.
You man left over is doing work still. Let's.
Fight with that. John Jones fight it to me.
That's a great greatest light heavyweight fight of all time.
I was so thrilled with that fight, man. Amazing. Because it was finally,
Jonathan's kinda met his match.
Granted John probably had two hours of sleep and do a bunch of lines of Cokes,
but still at the time it was good. I.
Don't like this running away. Cause Glover's going to time this, man. You think?
I think so. I, it worries me. And all you use the fighting.
Have you ever seen that happen? Yes. With Mr. Hogan
with Mr. Overhang. I don't teach them.
I don't teach my students to do all the time. So.
Let me, you guys this, while we're watching the fight,
what's the best setup to do a fight companion.
Cause I'm building a Fike opinion studio in the next place. I.
Feel like we should have punching bags that we can hit out of frustration or
anxiety. Well.
What I'm thinking is, well,
the way we're sitting here across from each other and watching the fights is not
totally ideal. I'm thinking round table. Yeah.
More like a semi-circle like a half moon.
Oh that's cool. Yeah. I almost like an analyst desk. Yeah. Yeah.
And then the TV there, but this way we're all be like kind of cool.
That's what I've been thinking. Good. I do like that idea,
but we should have a desk, right? It's good to have a desk for drinks and stuff.
So I'm going to set up a second thing just in front of a big TV and I'm thinking
Nope, big TV. Like even bigger than this project. Good idea. No, no, no, no, no.
Like 110 inch LCD back you.
This combo beautiful. Could also be we can ask a big couch. I wonder.
Would that make us too tired? That's what I'm thinking. I.
Think these chairs are the. Yes. These chairs, these, uh,
these are people keep asking. Alto is not a sponsor.
Ergo Depot sent me these they're from there. They're called Capisce goes in.
There are ergonomic. Tommy buns has these.
Now Tom singer has these in his podcast to go to ergo. What depo? Depo chairs.
E R G O T depot.com.
And these chairs are excellent because they're comfortable,
but they're also ergonomics.
So like you sit up straight because you sit up straight after the end of the
show, your back doesn't hot at all.
Definitely don't do a couch for the no couches.
I think these chairs are it for podcasts.
I think I've found the holy grail of podcast chairs are. They're amazing.
The question. So the question was what kind of setup should we have?
Like side tables and I think, no, I think,
I think a table in front of us is the one I sent mood.
Brian's always bringing wine and cheese and and yep. Yeah.
We're always going to want to slide things down to each other and stuff.
Then you should have like just a area that it looks like a F like an old school
telephone booth and it's called conspiracy theories. And then Eddie goes.
In there. What I'm going to have is a second thing with experts on Skype,
on standby. Waiting. Every time Eddie says something crazy,
I'm going to press a button and boom, Neil deGrasse, Tyson. You're on the line.
Do you know what I think we should have?
We should have a grill and somebody should be cooking. Oh
[inaudible] oh my God. Oh my God. Glove is in serious trouble.
Serious trouble. Let him up brain. No.
No, no, but Glover's in some serious trouble here, man. If you want me to cover,
she might or he might get grounded out.
Or you got a posture up and oh, he's [inaudible] oh God.
Oh my God.
I have a Bosch neuter 1500,
which is a huge commercial smoker for the studio. [inaudible].
It should be a cooking show. We should have somebody cook.
I'm way ahead. Even listen to my podcast or no, I'm doing cooking shows.
Thank you.
I'm going to do cook. Oh, the last one I did with Tom Papa.
We talked about it. We're going to sit down and eat dinner.
I'm going to cook it on the show. Right?
We're going to sit down and eat dinner on the podcast and you're gonna hear a
lot of this. Oh, he's going for the arm bar. It will drive you nuts,
but you will know that it's going to be happening.
So hopefully it won't drop you. And also.
It'll be, it'll be a fight companion. So we'll be eating game.
We'll be eating Manmeet, drinking, amazing wine. Come on. Don't be a party.
Well.
What I'm thinking is we're not going to do that during five companions,
then there's too much going on. So eating more talking. No,
it's going to be like a show. We sit down and have a meal. You know,
you watch those Anthony Bordain shows. He's talking to some lady in Sardinia.
You don't even know what the hell she's saying. And it's interesting, right?
Like I love a good meal having a good meal.
And I'm going to bring guys like Hank Shaw have him cook for us. Oh, nice trip.
I saw.
I love Hank Shaw.
Who's a world-class game chef and a hunter. Right?
What about this?
What if we get like some Hooter girls to like refill our con on stuff?
Oh, oh. Oh.
Well, Brian's doing all the meat and cooking. You're all about that.
And I want you to couple of smoke shows to fill up our coffees.
All of a sudden I'm.
[Inaudible] last time Ian brought his girlfriend over to be quiet,
paid to shut the.
Up. They don't get paid enough. That's not impossible. I mean, it's, I'm,
I'm offended. If you see.
Wonder woman, women only women only went to the,
I went to the period screenings with just women. I liked it.
I liked the premiere. Anyways. Let's get back to these Hooter that refill
you guys in or not, man. I want something to do with peer pressure.
Peer pressure. I guess I am. No, they just feed us like beef, Turkey, beef.
Jerky. Feed it to you. That's weird. Something wrong with your hands,
but I'm definitely gonna bring in, um, some chefs and have some food cook, dude.
That's a great idea. Jamie pull up the Yoder 1500.
You could show these mothers that.
Is landing all day long.
For behind the jabs. So he's like blinded.
By the Japanese so long. You can get away with it.
Line blind them and bring them up gossips and looks fantastic.
He beats everybody.
Do you think he beats Jon Jones? Really?
If Jon Jones fought him with this long of a layoff,
like let's say they were going to fight.
And I don't know when you've taught OSP. Yes. He gets up. Oh, look.
At this. Look at this. Creative really thinks so that's interesting.
Oh. I'll.
Tell you what he looks outstanding here tonight.
Oh, Gloria with the lover is still in this fight in every way. Clover's.
A animal. He's fighting for his life. Man is fighting for his crews.
What he's doing, I mean he's 37 years old. He doesn't have much time left.
And these are,
these opportunities are few and far between headlining a major card.
Like he can take a shot and he's go over saying, come.
On, come on. They're both fighting for calling them in. You lose this one.
Come on.
To Clover. So aggressive. It's crazy. Even getting tagged, like he's getting,
he's still in this. See that baby right there.
See, that's a sick, that's a sick grill machine. Of course.
Rogan has to go extreme with the grill. That's a smoker.
It grows. It smokes. You can do everything on. Not just.
Spit out. Let's toss a zebra in there. Uh,
I need a zebra.
What are you eating now? What do you have in your freezer? Mostly elk.
Gosh, I feel about 400 pounds. What about some ribs? I love ribs. Let's see.
That's what I'm talking about. I shot a pig last.
Month. I still have some thighs. We ate the ribs ready, but I uh,
I have some, yeah, I did. I not need. I didn't need all the ribs. Are you.
A barbecue guy? Do you have a you're.
Looking at that? Oh man, we should have a grill off because I can grill my off.
I have to have a grill off [inaudible].
How.
Do you grill? What do you do? Do you a charcoal guy, gas, gas guy.
That's not even a grill. I want to hear those commercials.
Filets ribs, fish salmon, especially. That's a oven. Nah.
Son, some weird oven. It's the Tesla of grills.
Justin Timberlake and Christopher. I need to hear this. It's selling nothing.
No.
They both own a Timberlake. Owns a part of this company. That makes.
Sense. Antioxidant infusion not just.
Drink actual juice. You what? You juice. You own berries. Watch this.
Look at this combination. Boom.
They fall down there. He went back in the tricks. by Gustafson. Look.
At it. Bing, Bing. Look at them. Come on, bring it. Come on, come on, come on.
This is God.
Sam. Glover's tough. Yes. So he can be.
Sharp as a knife. 10 years from now.
TRT. Get them on TRD. Everybody. The whole buddy, the whole.
Crew. Everybody cooling the garage.
We've got a problem with cyborg. Everybody catch up.
Here we go. I love sidebar.
After that podcast you did with her Brendan. Thanks man.
You didn't love her before. I loved her anyway, but I didn't know her,
but she's a beast. She's awesome.
As a fighter. She's a beast, man. There's no.
Question about that. It seems like a good person too though.
That's what I like about her. Here we go.
That uppercut is coming from Stockholm.
Oh, it goes to the body with a whip.
Whoosh.
They didn't want that brought worse. Right? So.
Come on, come on. It's crazy to me. That globe is just still pumping away.
It looks like he's still pressing around looking to knock them out and yeah,
we're in round four.
Clover looks how you would make a fighter and a video of Jesus. Just.
Faking that. Oh God, that left over.
Comb with the right-hand over the top.
How Clover doesn't train with like any super camps or nothing. Really? No,
not even kind of like a gradual.
Right? And yeah. That's what he does now, right? Yeah. Yeah. He has.
A school in Connecticut. Didn't he go to ATT for awhile? Yeah he did.
But he lives in Connecticut answering place to live at all the places to go.
You're from Brazil and I moved to Connecticut and I wonder why lady lives.
There. What? Yeah. You live in two.
Parents had a house in Connecticut for 10 years. So one of the few.
Places I never perform, I gave up yet. Yep. How come the inside joke.
People getting mad. People from Connecticut or sending me messages. Come on,
bro. Do they have a big city though? Yeah.
Hartford elbow me. It's not a big city, but.
It's definitely a city you've been there for ESPN. For Bristol.
You feel like that's all there is. And
[inaudible] why the are they there doing taxes?
Oh, they're there because it's right next to New York city.
And you can get a nice LAR large plotter. Well, that makes sense.
The big rich investment bankers live in grant. Make sense?
Where a David Letterman lives. Yeah. David Letterman lived there.
Got himself up a state. I.
Bet that a huge estate bowling. He balling
date. Oh. I.
Don't think he does anything anymore though. Dude, Dave is, uh,
I think he's just kinda like chill at night. Counts as money. I think.
Yeah. Jeff Foxworthy is crib in Atlanta is a cat.
I'm sure he's got some Gulf Jeff on the redneck tour.
Yeah, him and, uh, Ron white.
I love that podcast. You did with him Ron? Right? Great. Okay Dave. Oh my
[inaudible] that's Dave Letterman.
Holy. That's what the goal is going to run like in 30 years. Oh man.
He looks like Glover takes her like God didn't uh, Dave have heart surgery.
I feel like he had a holy. Yeah. I feel like he had a heart surgery. Oh my God.
He looks horrible.
It just looks like he's [inaudible]. I
remember when Tim Allen became Santa Claus. Yeah.
Yeah. I love it. It gets to us all.
I looked at a picture of me with 10 years ago when I was 40.
You always handsome. You look exactly the same. I don't know about that.
You're so delicious. Thank you buddy.
That's that's what I've been looking for on a Sunday.
It was on Brian Day and now it's turned.
Into now. It's okay. What point in life do you just say we have you money.
You say you life. Or you just let your body go and just eat whatever you want.
Sure.
A lot of people are doing things, but when you're in the public eye, like, oh,
he clipped him with the right hand over the top. When you're in the public eye,
like a David Letterman, like most of your life.
And then you decided you decided to not do that anymore.
Then it becomes kind of interesting. You can relax.
Because you have to be disciplined about your look and make.
Up. Look at that 10 years ago. Look at that cutie pie or similar item.
Not so much. No, you look exactly the same on dude. I appreciate that. Yeah.
30 to 40. That's where you really dropped off, but 40 to 50 you're maintaining.
Where you kind of maintaining my, it seems like you work out.
More. Now I do work out every day. It doesn't do much.
You hear someone's alarm going off? Yeah, I do good ears.
I think I have bad ears by the way. You probably do Sage.
Son. Yeah. I'm always asking my wife to turn the box.
Yeah. Yeah. Years of getting boxed in my ears again. Yeah. Boxed.
Up borough. Clover is, just not go away.
He didn't get the menu or the memo. Yeah. Got kicked to the body there.
We're good.
We're looking for that knockout punch man. That's a fact always there.
Scary thing is if, if Alexander slows down a little bit,
it's good for him. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God.
That combo stuff. He needs to stay in the middle of the shotgun.
Yes. It looks as good as he's ever looked in this fight. And it really does.
Being in that light. Heavyweight is so fluid and his movement is excellent.
This is a big fight for him, man.
Oh boy. For both of them, it's kind of career defining, to be honest. Yeah.
I hate to be with Jesus. Thank you so much stream.
What's going on here? Beautiful.
It's an artistic performance, man.
It really is the way he's been hiding that upper cut.
This is my favorite tool up in that. Is he your favorite?
You have a unique insight knowing exactly how good he is.
Having trained with them. You know, there with.
Both of them with Clover. I just, you know,
I understand what he's doing in his pacing. And he's like the Terminator.
He's very similar to it.
That's why I'd love to see him in DC fight because I've trained with DC and M
they had very similar styles was just this relentless,
relentless forward pressure. You're like, God relax. Slow down.
Relentless.
To you're running like eight miles. I see you run in like some long distances.
Where are you running? Outside my crib.
You just run the beach or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Concrete.
In those campaigns shoes. But my knee's up. So I'm suing cam. Why are you.
Why are you running on concrete when those sand is right there? Uh,
I don't know. Cause I like to run, but isn't like sand better for.
You because the,
I run the SEMICON so I do is I run one Santa Monica stairs and I run a mile,
two stairs, run a mile three. So it says when a mile, that's what I'm doing.
That's.
Crazy. So the stairs always a sprint and the mile is yeah. Yeah.
But my knee yesterday was like, nah, let's take a break bro. Way too big. Yeah.
You're a heavy guy. What do you weigh? Like two 40 ish. 42 38.
Yeah. That's a lot of weight to put on the knees. I know.
Man. I got to figure it out. I gotta do something. If you guys know what to do,
it's inside of my knee. W okay. Let me ask you this. Sometimes.
About this UFC training facility, like who's going to go there.
I'm sorry. It's just.
Good news. And they're going to pump Bain like products into the body, just
in between.
Division in between rounds. He steps in a crouch.
By the way. I'm sorry. But look at the Glover and round four,
after all that punishment, keeping his head, he looks very fresh.
One of the problems with Glover.
Is he's so boxing oriented in his attack and with a guy like Gustafson,
he has such a large reach disadvantage.
So he's constantly moving forward, but he doesn't throw kicks.
Oh, Gilbert, uh,
stop kicking because he got taken down early on, but his kid, he had kicks too.
I don't, I just abandoned it. Keep him away with us.
Clover. Like Glover has always got to move.
Into boxing. Well changes again, boy.
Oh my God. Oh my.
God. Whoa, God. What a way to win.
Gustafson. Poor Clover. Oh Jesus Christ.
I don't like seeing that at all. I don't.
Like seeing that at all. I don't like seeing that at all.
Assistant is a beast. That was.
Brilliant. God. That was brilliant. That was brilliant, man. Holy.
This is in Sweden. Stockholm. Come around it down in Stockholm.
He's a hero. He's a hero. He's a legend there.
The heartbreak he went through when.
He lost a Johnson there, man, I was there, man. I felt like crying, crying.
That they were walking out of the arena with their head low was,
it was rough and it was a bad beating too. You know.
Redemption redemption. What a Viking, what.
A fight. Ademption redemption is John Jones, beats DC and Anaheim.
They do Karen Jones. Alexan Guston Stockholm title. Good.
$500,000. It would mean you're not.
Going to do it in Stockholm. They do it in Vegas. The real money is in Vegas.
Unfortunately. That's. That's just how it goes.
But that's the reason why we haven't been in Dublin yet for a Conor McGregor
fight being.
In soccer, stadium.
Oh, Jannie keeps doing the same combo. Oh,
how quick was that right away. Right? Stupid, fast.
A dude. And he's like, not enough. Huh? There you go. Oh, beautiful.
Timing.
See the way he swung that right-hand into look how he's swinging the right hand
and over the left guard. Look at this, watch this.
See, look at swings that right-hand over the top Hoover's.
Corners like D do you want to kind of avoid the uppercut? He's like, nah,
we'll keep doing this. It's nothing we can do.
We just gets hit and hit by these calls. What are you going to do? God,
that was brilliant, man. Brilliant performance. Yeah.
Like when you were saying how global just missed it a little bit.
Like that box him with his wrestling style via rampage.
He had been jammed him verse rampage in the prime. That's a fight. Yeah.
He could.
Have won, but you know, what's interesting is that he just,
cause he doesn't throw very many kicks. I mean,
he might've thrown 10 kicks that whole fight.
He's always moving into boxing range and he's getting chewed up on the way in
and it's tough as he is. He's still getting tagged over and over.
It's 2017. If you're just boxing, you're screwed, man.
A guy who's just boxing doing well in the UFC. Yeah.
You're right. You're right. You really have to do.
Every highest level. Just can't do it anymore. Like guys figure it out. Yeah.
You really have to be able to do everything.